[Music]
familiar that we are in tweets one minute
of this Monday a minute of silence for
the lithium that he did not get supposed
fame he
no longer has room for more things really we have been
configuring it for an hour because we
have to change the account the string
elements because since there will no longer be
live shows in Javier Canijos he may have to
change the accounts okay I take advantage of
this first extract to tell you
we are in tweets okay I am going to request
the partner I am going to request it in fact we already
passed the requirements I think it was
more than a million
years ago I am the one who has not requested it
but well it turns out that in case
someone doesn't know it
was all a mistake it was all simply
a mistake he gave me an email
five days after I appealed
and the email said we are sorry your
account was suspended due to an error on
our part you can now use all the
tweet services
to Paula's
Malaga Paulo
to Pau I will read my channel to him so he can
configure it and don't see what a mess he is making of me novel
[ __ ] daycare centers the case that I lost the
tournament because of an error of theirs okay we don't
know where I would have gotten  if we
would have gone far or not we don't
know but what I do know is that
literally
no no they didn't kill me I didn't die in the
squid game but well I hope that he
invites me next year or some other
time and until I found out that they're going to
be on Sunday they're going to be playing with me they have
n't told me anything it's a lie because you
've sent it to me a lot the tweet from
aulo well we like a click
that says that this Sunday the people who
were good the people who had
connection problems couldn't continue playing on the 4th they're going to be playing
some games on
Sunday
Amenábar invited me if they invite me of course they have maybe they
invited us
because they think I'm
still banned from tweets so I'm here I
'm here technically he's still alive
technically I'm still alive okay so
well I don't know on Sunday for now they're
going to invite us and he invited me to play
some games because I had a great time I'm
sure we'll have a great time and I'm
going to stay on twist if he allows me I'm going to stay
on tweets okay I don't know if I
don't know if this will be very definitive it
's for the  people who had a problem that have
n't told me anything I don't know if it's because they have
n't counted on me because they think I
'm banned because they don't want to
invite me anyway I
will answer I'm putting myself in case they
forget my name and
invite me okay
but well I understand that I understand that these are
games that are not worth it if they
invite me like that egg okay I think you
should be with me well put it
karime ask me ask me and I will be on
sunday okay but let's go
ramón today is the day
as a youtuber that I am you have taught me
a lot I have learned from your perseverance
whenever I get discouraged I see you and I know that I
can go further thank you very much I am
uncle chortí 81 be careful that javi
oliveira comes to tweets and comes strong
as a joke thank you very much to godo coffee thank you
very much okay you
ask me a lot what we do with
the members of youtube of javier canijo let's
see the support is still for me and
you guys whatever you want yes yes I
know if you were subscribed to support me
or you no longer want to support me well I don't
know I  I would say that you can continue being
members that nobody kicks you out that the support is
still for me that the person in
the same daughter of the brat is going to continue
having her stress the same Tuti died on
the rope and well well surely I
would have died with them I don't know because
we see them very well found with it
and I would have said hey or read mentally or not
because I was playing a lot I say I
was playing a lot but I don't know we can't
know what would have happened because
maybe I would have played and I would have
given it so quickly the key
that I would have stayed yes probably
probably for the members
probably for the members summarize
the
live and
probably I don't know really it depends
if it's 5 in the morning I don't know it
depends maybe yes it depends I don't know
okay but maybe your body
I'm one of those who watch your videos without
subscribing on youtube but I subscribe
here great javi I
don't understand what it means that they watch
my videos without subscribing to my channel by the
way very good that
happened to me now on tele salsero
you know what happened to me that I have
found out things and I could investigate
things and they are not paranoid  you know that
I don't believe in conspiracy
theories or nonsense like that okay but I've been
saying it for a long time
they're doing things to my main channel
okay I'm not saying it's
anyone's fault or any specific enemy it was something like that
but my main channel
has problems it has a couple of it's
marked let's say okay today
hello javi dog dancing the
donkey kong song no they didn't forget dog
dancing donkey kong no what you were
being is marked I don't know how to
explain it this is but the channel has
common dude the senate bar exists I
can guarantee it I can't explain
why but the shadow va exists it's real
and my channel has it because because it has
a warning it
's
a warning that it has and it's screwed that's why
okay it's informing me and I'm
moving heaven and earth to have that
taken away from me and they
're screwing my channel it seems too much to me
merit in fact that it's
still working moving forward because
this channel is still paid okay and
we're maintaining the main channel
based on constancy, based on fighting despite
the war I often
get involved because  already underlined- highlighted in the
main channel and maybe I'll look at it and in
half an hour I'll look at it again
updated magnet removes the more than 200
subscribers now the ceo is interested I was
telling the people of television to the ceo and I
said
look subscription sometimes they have removed
well look at you all who are
watching this look they are screwing up my
career they are screwing up my career as
wind said and do not go to my
main channel okay in case someone does not
know because it has just been known here in
tweets it
is javier and beirán okay and check the
subscription check the subscription to
javi live you know that I have done it
before I have told him in front of the people
you have the seo and check the
subscription
and 60 people have subscribed to the
live 60 people who had lost
their subscription so imagine
imagine the number of goat people who no longer
watch the live shows and who no longer know anything
about me that they no longer have any idea where I
am
and I can't tell him check it
but it's very heavy because I often
update pul i alam  austri gaining
followers with a video that is
going well for me, they give it a lift you
put it in the me
and after a while he gives me an option okay
incredible that the lamentable but I will
continue fighting what you have to
do is check what continue being
subscribed and follow me in urge that it was
invented and having that [ __ ] no today
win michu has thrown again to sara
building and to dallas okay even the villa
and nothing has uploaded this that you have
sent me okay x since I just married
someone from my youtube network putting
the video in private as soon as publishing how
incredible it is
very strange I do not know what he wants to
imply oh I had that he
being a founder or one of the owners of
a plan I do not know that I do not know what position I will have
huixmí chunyun plans now with the
relationship that he has well with the relationship
that he does not have with aura that is not followed
or followed on twitter and he puts one on her
all day putting pure sauro
many many of those [ __ ] and also
some of the barbs go with very low blows and
very ugly
trying to attack with personal
private things and others that are things that you do
not have to attack because the
truth is they are nonsense they have no
importance in and seriousness whatsoever or in
any crime or in anything you know what
you as they are personal things there are
things that you tell us that are
yours towards aura of you and the friend
okay I sincerely my
personal opinion is that both he and the friend
that I do not know if she is the girlfriend because many
tell me that she is the girlfriend that you have
seen in action of relevant but well
until they do not confirm it that
for some reason they do not, I will
tell the friend the ex of Dallas that
now it is rumored that she is with a lot
but I do not know if it is true or not okay what I have
seen them for many months is
throwing [ __ ] and attacking
everyone both Dallas and me
retweeting and giving the actress
insulting me they call me a piece of
[ __ ] they tell me a
lot of garbage not when I do not get involved with them
okay if I give some news about
it of course always without
disrespect or anything my personal opinion  is that
either they are already so so so so so
obsessed with Dallas and everything
that surrounds it Dallas
that their life is already stagnant and it doesn't
advance and they don't get out of there
or that you are also trying to get
attention to become relevant again
because many times I get the impression
that in reality they do want us to
talk about it that since we are not talking about it we
are passing on
shouting so they look for reasons for us to
talk about it okay because really
this is what it seems like complete
[ __ ] to me or I mean someone from the network
I ask because I don't know I don't know
but it would be great if he still responded to
man to euros to the taunts and the
nonsense he is not going to respond
but if one day something strong and
serious comes up then yes I would respond and
come on I tell you that I will
automatically destroy it or I mean the day that auto
wants to respond to someone it is that this
nonsense that is said that they try to
sow the fact that one gets along
with someone because one is afraid that
someone will tell something about him and it's
like look uncle auron is not going to be
afraid of anyone nor would he accept blackmail  of
nobody because both auron and sara if they
wanted to simply respond to
someone or someone dared to
attack them and auroros sara turned around and
responded they would destroy them, I
mean now with how loved he is, the
credibility he has, the support he has, it's like that
and it destroys whoever it is, whether they have 300,000, whether they
have 500,000 or 10 million, it doesn't
matter what they know about him, what I don't know is that there is
nothing so serious that they would
destroy someone and that they still have to be
afraid, someone denies it and on top of that they
kill whoever it is, it's okay, they're not bothered
by the fight because right
now someone earns literally
millions,
millions of euros,
having fun, not getting into trouble
and living very quietly,
so it seems like nonsense to me to
make that exterior and that I hate, I mean
trying to sow, it's that they are the
same nonsense that they always tried, it's that they
try to sow nonsense in people,
I think it's
nonsense, they
are trying to sow people
that I open and sara answers
cordially to dallas because they are not
friends of dallas they have a cordiality he
says follow on networks or anything they have a
cordiality and this has increased since
the other day a tweet crossed
with the one who was dallas the one who started the
tweet went and still responded simply that
man and his life revolves so much around the
archive they
hang out with second class people the ones who
stop talking to second class people
have second class friendships I say
judas of course he said he had a channel
that was about the host man and he almost did
n't go yet he didn't ask man
so some were objective [ __ ] great
don't let yourself sink too much I'm
really telling you
change really change but really
what do they
want to sow that no and here one thing
that I know them correct me if I'm
wrong or answer me in a familiar way if someone
knows how many years have passed now I don't even
know how many years have passed but let's go
both for him as a friend as for
his girlfriend like
really I
well he ruined himself of course if he
lets them ruin themselves but look at you
[Music]
to someone from the  network I mean if I
'm in a network I don't know
because at the moment I have no
interest in any network but if I
am in any network the people of the
network have access to my channel to the level
of making a video private or deleting
a video that can be done by someone from
the network
to where I denied it the only thing they
have power to manage payments and
get promotion and things like that
yeah
I don't know when I had a network
I gave them access
to see that they have access to the
statistics but
but as for like to put of I do
n't know
but something that they had done on purpose
dude I mean let's see dude this
would be very serious this would even be
reportable you
understand me I mean a person from his
network with the bad intention of making him
lose
or destroy them or harm is whatever is done to
him this could be sued I do
n't know to what level but well I totally drove him
crazy
someone comes and this I don't know
why it doesn't appear here in order but
well in order this account appears that
this account the one he
looks at and it's an account that has barely
tweeted it's an account that barely has any
interaction okay
and it's also an account that interacts
with
out  airplay which is a super account
is a girl who is super
sick a girl who is screwed but
literally comfortable has an obsession and
a very rare disease and lives for and
to
insult dallas okay lives for and to
enjoy dallas okay
and says we talked about these facts the
account has intentions with the famous
now this would go not about your network they are not the
same ones who let sara from
the same network accept blackmail from a
certain person staining your image to
clean theirs the same ones
look at you like in the thing man the
first thing is to accuse dallas he
is accusing dallas well this has already been
done in the video of responses to
dallas he did it
well I think win michu still has
the hidden subscribers man
what a way to promote himself the lawyer
here
did that here
but but this is very let's see if I
find
this from the very regrettable point of view I'm
going to explain to you why I
find
where the thing about kissing someone you know
minutes
I would say it was at the end no
I would say that at the end
and it has brought me a lot of  joys
but it has also brought me a world does
anyone know the exact minute that you guys
are very fast
like in the 30s or so
then but even if people
were less trained because at that
time he did against me with one wind and
another what Dallas does which is
manipulate and take advantage of the lack of
context having gotten lost with the a it
would be good well catch me with looking for me
in the clinic that the freak or
basically what what he does here
now you will not see him look for me the
minute please it
was fatal man because
they had no problem
auro or virgin like in my tour
simply the distances saved and
little more no the question is what
wing michu does is like water and
michu and her friend would be
incredibly angry the fact that sarah made
peace with dallas
assumed facing here in her video
of each her people claim that sara has
made peace with dallas simply
under threat of a video
under threat of a video because dallas
knows a lot about her
and I say
I know what she is referring to because
when I was in the group
in those years
to me  they said that we know
this about darla auro and sarah and I'm
telling you that it's [ __ ] that if they come out
with that
auren will split their balls
is that you are not going to understand this because they
are things
that you do not know but basically what
wing michu and her friend thinks is that they
know something super strong d auro
knows
2347 and it's [ __ ] she
is a complete [ __ ] that if they come out
with that then now you guys would crown on
top of it they can report it it's that look at
you a [ __ ] no no it's that he gives the
threats for a video of telling something if
dallas occurs to him against something intimate
or private or accuses him of someone
even without trembling his pulse in
answering and suing both things
yes yes cajal was in the
squid games just as he accused let's go whoever
edited the videos like that so he is being
left completely alone but it
is what I am telling you man fide you the theory
that they want to take out tended to dallas when the
thing with the stones because I believed it
period  7 and check that Dallas with some
captures from 2013 although the so
criminal
not the judge
I have some assumptions before the lumbreras
has also said that I have not traveled
throughout this last year because
I have an alleged criminal record
there is a global pandemic I
do not know if if what
is true about the records
that I had the one I had
with all the ones you have michu if
those records are true it would match
the dates that he helped them to the US what about
Marvel okay he went to him it was Marvel
let's see when it was very much what about
Marvel let's see it well wait
this is the premiere
this is the first wait I check it it is
not there no this is not because here it is
here it is not going with the friend it
was the angels no
[Music] there is
nothing anymore there is
nothing anymore
the refrigerator
look
yes well beginning of 2018 not clear
according to what he says to Dallas according to what he
says Dallas will condemn him at the end
of 2018 he will
condemn them at the end of 2018
okay look he has gone twice according to what he
says to  Dallas sentenced him at the end of
so if they gave him six months it wasn't
what it was six months if I remember
correctly that would be
it expires in 2 years if I'm not
mistaken it would be six months plus two years
and in the middle of 2021 more or less they have already
expired he no longer has it he requests the
withdrawal and they eliminate them he no longer has them
okay I would no longer be clear he has not gone
to what he has gone to the premiere until this year he has
gone three years without going
and neither has his friend because they will not have
invited her they invite him and he
takes her
to me the account would balance but
well let's see how that evolves you
understand me is that he has not gone to anything to
anything outside of what he has gone outside of traveling
nothing to Spain in those two and a half years you
understand me the United States has already
added
in fact there is another here there is another there
was another premiere that he did not go to that I
think is direct
to the The End Game to the End Game that was
in 2019 the following year  he's not going
okay this video is 15 minutes long I'm not
going to look for it
okay then but he says he's not going
he says he's not going what can I
get into for watching the videos
here there is fair use also no well I'll
delete it I'll delete it I deleted the live
how much room do we have and okay better
not only did I delete them the
zetas he's not going in 2019 and in this
live they ask why he didn't go
and he says they didn't invite me but disney I don't
know what you
understand
javi went to disneyland paris but to
disneyland paris he went last year
but apart from that they don't ask you for
background checks in France no
New York recently
but the US is the only place where they ask you for
background checks in the US not
in France they don't ask for your hand I
remember every year following that I
think it's this live there was a live
in which he says hey why aren't you
going to the premiere this year and he says no
because there was a problem with money I know
something like that he said I don't remember nor am I
going to review the 15 minutes now but it
was  something like that then in the video
this in the video it
seems like he saw the background thing
no but let's go if it were as he said the
date is correct
and I don't think Dallas made that up
and they made up a paper or a paper that
showed where Wen Michu condemning so
many but well you told me 30 22
if this look at this on YouTube it is doing
exactly the same thing that he did there is a
chat roulette however who he is
attacking gives the doors that finally
after feeling threatened they have
apologized they have bowed their heads and
pretended a good relationship with this man
okay here what he does is that he cannot
allow he cannot allow that
[Music] that
people can be seen that people
believe that Dallas has a good relationship and
that they have asked for forgiveness in good
faith you
understand and then what he does is
tell people that those who ask
Dallas for forgiveness is simply because they
are threatened
this is literal that is what has happened and
even you today are losing all their
friendships scary man cheer up I know the
whole story because I was on
twitter  in 2013 and I still have
many very serious tweets from that person
that not even the network
bothers to delete because they don't know the
context. I myself could be almost 11 6
on this topic
and I'm replying to another person if you knew the
story believe me you wouldn't say cheer up to
win michu he has a very
distorted story but for each one well
each one in the end is free to support
whoever they want we are not talking
about what we are talking about I didn't know
that chick was in the law because on the
you plan page in the
talent section where everyone who
is there appears and nothing basically win vichú
attacking sara another version
publicly, I mean it seems that he has
taken it seriously isn't it
incredible how today how much before they were
eating his ass a lot and those
same people separate him from him they separate themselves from
karma
michael mann di nario who I think
is screwing up sincerely but in my
opinion I think he is screwing up I mean it's okay everyone we
all have them we have mistakes
everyone has been able to make mistakes  We've all done
stupid things, as we've said, we've
all done [ __ ],
nothing's happening there, we're human, but don't
close yourself off, in a story, man,
evolve, jump, and debate with
people,
still insisting that we live, she was
blackmailed by Dallas to be the one,
even if with that, they're going to die
at the end of their days
and they won't even get out
[Music]